this honourable Senate , last Tuesday , what happened ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended the first to meeting of the committee . 
what do we know that I rise to independent of the committee of the Senate surprised and too . 
i am not so that concern for the time . 
the selection committee can show some impact . 
the work that over the next two years of strikes a senator . 
it is important to determine what some of these new Senate committee , as a Senate committee , sit in principle . 
it was introduced in the last sitting of the Senate committee that one of the nine out of my to attend . 
it was sent a replacement . 
i do not name , one honourable senators . 
i am therefore nice , you can see that it cannot ? 
that was the fault will have to find in their own research senators . 
when one , it must accept the do a job . 
the women who have proven sitting in the Senate . 
they have much more that the majority of the men remplissaient them in the Senate . 
i remember that the committee to the sessions held in February the of veterans of 1998 . 
here is the House of Commons or the Senate Ni at that time . 
they sat in the Senate committee , all three of the proceedings of women . 
the leadership of the Senate committee could not find it to a man . 
i could cite the words , to answer the question I asked him , senator Carstairs took word . 
the criteria are as follows : " I asked was Quels ? " 
the first was that it was a report to address it in the representation of women . 
it was on the parliamentary associations wrote that in 1993 . 
at the time of men were only formées delegations Les . 
i have been replaced by Senator Finestone on on this matter , for a number of years . 
however , I will look back the opportunity of my association preferred . 
i do not know how this honourable House or two , when the decision on reports will be senators . 
the verdict is that each on television senators . 
by a group of students , or to journalists wondered or any . 
if we do that ? 
it is true , I believe it . 
however , it should be translated in fact . 
i do not believe in the alternative . 
if we agree or any part of a committee meetings in a position , it should set a senator . 
the words in which we are not the corridors of hon. members : 
there is a final question '' , " you today and in committee to study the Présentez after two years in committee . 
they came to power , they do not even know what they are viewed stand to them when they stand . 
no they do not know what happened . 
in our commitment to the Senate are the words " honourable way '' , " and " continuité speech . 
we will start to look into the next two weeks to how in the Senate , independent . 
the parliamentary committee on my own créerai international business , I do not do if we are concerned about that . 
we try to no one can . 
the Honour the Speaker : 
if you will , any other hon. Senator Senate and honourable wishes to speak , is it the pleasure to adopt the motion ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
